# ChatGPT for HPC

This repository contains material for a training session on using AI tools such as
ChatGPT and Github Copilot for software development and in the context
of High-Performance Computing (HPC).  Ansible Lightspeed can be used to generate infrastructure-as-code files, for instance for deployment on public or private cloud infrastructure.


## What is it?

1. `examples`: directory containing examples of using AI tools for
   development and software engineering.
1. `Scientific_Programming_in_the_Age_of_AI.pptx`: introduction to and context for
   this training in MS Powerpoint format.
1. `Scientific_Programming_in_the_Age_of_AI.docx`: text of the introduction in MS Word
   format
1. `chatgpt_for_hpc.pptx`: Powerpoint presentation that shows examples of using
   OpenAI ChatGPT and GitHub Copilot in scenarios such as query answering, code
   generation, debugging and so on.
1. `ansible_lightspeed.pptx`: Powerpoint presentation introducing Ansible Lightspeed
   to generate infrastructure-as-code files.
1. `references.md`: some references to relevant articles on these topics.
1. `images`: some images used in the presentation generated by DALL-E 3.
2. `videos`: screen recordings of GitHub Copilot in action.
3. `environment.yml`: conda environment to example code.
1. `LICENSE`: CC-BY 4 license for this material.
1. `CONTRIBUTING.md`: how to contribute to this material.


## Contributors

  * Frederik De Ceuster (KU Leuven)
  * [Frédéric Wautelet](mailto:frederic.wautelet@unamur.be) (University of Namur)
  * [Geert Jan Bex](mailto:geertjan.bex@uhasselt.be) (Vlaams Supercomputer Centrum, Hasselt University)
